Add production note to all instance/project cmds (#6200)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/cli/edgedb_project/index.rst

makes it the default instance to connect to. This is done by creating
an :ref:`ref_reference_edgedb_toml` file in the project directory.

.. note::

>     The ``edgedb instance`` command group is not intended to manage production
>     instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``edgedb project`` command group is not intended to manage remote
    instances. See individual commands for more details.
```
